Make ERC1967Upgrades a library instead of an abstract contract (#4325)
OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts: .changeset/grumpy-worms-tease.md

---
'openzeppelin-solidity': major
---

> Change definition of ERC1967Upgrades from "abstract contract" to "library"

Author: Since we are renaming, what do you think of:
```suggestion
`ERC1967Utils`: Refactor the `ERC1967Upgrade` abstract contract as a library.
```
